A(n) Project schedule is a model of a real project–what you want to happen or what you think will happen.

A(n) link is a logical connection between tasks that controls sequence and dependency.

A group of closely related tasks that encompass a major section of your project is a(n)Phase

A(n)Calendar is a scheduling tool that determines the standard working time and nonworking time for the project, resources, and tasks.

A(n)Templateis a pre-defined file that can be used as a starting point to create a project schedule

A(n)Note is supplemental text that you can attach to a task, resource, or assignment.

A(n)Exception is added to the project calendar to denote something different from thestandard working times

A task whose start or end date determines the start or finish of another task or tasks is a(n)predecessor

A(n)Milestonerepresents a significant event reached within the project or imposed uponthe project.

A(n)Tasksrepresents the actual individual work activities that must be done toaccomplish the final goal.

Manual scheduling is not the default mode and creates a dynamic schedule. F

When you initially enter tasks into Project, they are linked in a finish-to-startrelationship that can be changed later. T

The task note field can only contain words and not pictures F

A milestone can be imposed on the project or developed and used by the project team totrack project progress F

An estimated duration of 3 weeks for a task would be shown as 3w. T

A task calendar defines working and nonworking times for an individual work resource T

A summary task is derived from all of the detail tasks that fall below it T

Once you have entered all of the tasks and durations for a project, the project durationdoes not change. F

Tasks that are indented below a summary task are called successors T

For all tasks that are linked in a finish-to-start relationship, the finish date of thepredecessor task determines the start date of the successor task. F


